whats up youtube this is chewy this is
my pickups of recent every week or so
I'll go pick up video showing just stuff
I buy it could be from online drift
picking or just anywhere norming just
anything that by and i'll be showing my
five things in each video for so it
could be shoes clothes or like hats or
anything watches just anything so first
one um it's like this look quite enough
of this you know pretty cool i love this
one to square it some khaki jeans and
like my ice beasts or some jordans and
it looks dope all right this one
actually got a thrift for like five
bucks it's a Sixers jersey but it's an
ogress in Jersey I'm actually going to
change this one to my friend for like
Coco snapbacks I guess or maybe just
sell it but I'm pretty cool I just
displayed that in my wall and also i got
the trip for a dollar this I thought
this was dope this giants shirt but like
has like this camera effect to it like
the design and on the back what's up
with that though huh it's pretty go and
I can just like rock it with my hundreds
hat and like some candles and it looked
pretty dope and snapback I don't buy any
hats anymore I really don't wear any
hats i don't buy anyhow i'm only what
about like three i guess just my last
kings once but i bought this one for
twenty bucks that's like that uh fake
snake skin type you know new era red
snap Bulls pretty cool for twenty bucks
oh and then sew the button on top and
shoes one or so show some shoes
I guess this one's escaped matisse a lot
they're high as beasts mid talks so yeah
that's my five pickups up for today I
guess so every week I'll do another five
hope you guys like these like comment
subscribe